cv.md, before:

![avatar](assets/img/logo_img/cv-photo-circle.png)
# Aleksander Chuchev


## Contact information
- Location: Likino-Dulevo, Russia
- Phone: +7 (926) 883-04-42
- Email: [loginamnet@gmail.com](mailto:loginamnet@gmail.com)
- Discord: [LoginamNet#5467](https://discordapp.com/users/LoginamNet#5467/)
- GitHub: [LoginamNet](https://github.com/LoginamNet)


## About myself
I always wanted to be a teacher, but the Russian education system quickly brought me down from heaven to earth. So I decided to work with the passion of my childhood - computers.

I've been working as a system administrator for seven years, fixing computer hardware and dealing with networks. But one day I had to develop a website. Without having any experience.

However, it was since then that I began to wonder how all this works outside of special services for creating websites. And here I am!

I also like computer games, volleyball and cycling. 
## Skills
- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript (Basic)
- Git/GitHub


## Code example
```
function countPositivesSumNegatives(input) {
  
  if (input == null || input.length < 1) {
    return [];
  } else {

    let posAmount = 0;
    let negSum = 0;

    for (let i = 0; i < input.length; i++) {
     if (input[i] > 0) posAmount++;
     else if (input[i] < 0) negSum += input[i];
    }
  return [posAmount, negSum]
  }
}
```


## Experience
At the moment, there is no direct experience in programming - most of the time I worked with computer hardware and networks. Nevertheless, I studied independently with the help of materials from the Internet and free entry-level courses. I have experience in creating a multi-page website on WordPress.


## Education
+ **University:** State University of Humanities and Technology, Faculty of Physics and Mathematics, Physics and mathematics teacher
+ **Courses**:
    - [HTML Academy](https://htmlacademy.ru/profile/loginamnet)


## Languages
**Russian** - Native  
**English** - A2 (Going forward!)  
**Spanish** - A2 (Going, but not so fast)

Commit message:

feat: update cv.md
1. Adding Projects section
2. Refactoring Languages section

cv.md, after:

![avatar](assets/img/logo_img/cv-photo-circle.png)
# Aleksander Chuchev


## Contact information
- Location: Likino-Dulevo, Russia
- Phone: +7 (926) 883-04-42
- Email: [loginamnet@gmail.com](mailto:loginamnet@gmail.com)
- Discord: [LoginamNet#5467](https://discordapp.com/users/LoginamNet#5467/)
- GitHub: [LoginamNet](https://github.com/LoginamNet)


## About myself
I always wanted to be a teacher, but the Russian education system quickly brought me down from heaven to earth. So I decided to work with the passion of my childhood - computers.

I've been working as a system administrator for seven years, fixing computer hardware and dealing with networks. But one day I had to develop a website. Without having any experience.

However, it was since then that I began to wonder how all this works outside of special services for creating websites. And here I am!

I also like computer games, volleyball and cycling. 
## Skills
- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript (Basic)
- Git/GitHub


## Projects
+ [CV](https://loginamnet.github.io/rsschool-cv/)  
The first assignment at The Rolling Scopes School.
+ [PopUp](https://loginamnet.github.io/popup-test/)  
Creating a pop-up based on my friend's layout in Figma. Caution! There is no adaptation for mobile devices!
+ [kpni.ru](https://kpni.ru)  
The first experience of creating a website using WordPress


## Code example
```
function countPositivesSumNegatives(input) {
  
  if (input == null || input.length < 1) {
    return [];
  } else {

    let posAmount = 0;
    let negSum = 0;

    for (let i = 0; i < input.length; i++) {
     if (input[i] > 0) posAmount++;
     else if (input[i] < 0) negSum += input[i];
    }
  return [posAmount, negSum]
  }
}
```


## Experience
At the moment, there is no direct experience in programming - most of the time I worked with computer hardware and networks. Nevertheless, I studied independently with the help of materials from the Internet and free entry-level courses. I have experience in creating a multi-page website on WordPress.


## Education
+ **University:** State University of Humanities and Technology, Faculty of Physics and Mathematics, Physics and mathematics teacher
+ **Courses**:
    - [HTML Academy](https://htmlacademy.ru/profile/loginamnet)


## Languages
+ **Russian** - Native  
+ **English** - A2 (Going forward!)  
+ **Spanish** - A2 (Going, but not so fast)
